docs(chunkSplitting): add `manualChunks` object form syntax warning when it is used with the `splitVendorChunk` plugin (#13431)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/build.md

This strategy is also provided as a `splitVendorChunk({ cache: SplitVendorChunkCache })` factory, in case composition with custom logic is needed. `cache.reset()` needs to be called at `buildStart` for build watch mode to work correctly in this case.

::: warning

> You should use `build.rollupOptions.output.manualChunks` function form when using this plugin for correct work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `build.rollupOptions.output.manualChunks` function form when using this plugin. If the object form is used, the plugin won't have any effect. 
```
